Update Activities documentation for general availability (#7176)
hammerandchisel/discord-api-docs: docs/monetization/Implementing_IAP_for_Activities.mdx

### Listing SKUs

To fetch the list of products for displaying in your Activity, you can call the [`getSkus()`](#DOCS_DEVELOPER_TOOLS_EMBEDDED_APP_SDK/getskus) command from the [Embedded App SDK](#DOCS_DEVELOPER_TOOLS_EMBEDDED_APP_SDK). 

You can also fetch SKUs using the [HTTP API](#DOCS_RESOURCES_SKU/list-skus).

### Mapping SKUs to Your Premium Perks

When a user purchases a SKU, an entitlement is created. Entitlements represent the user's access to a specific SKU. You will need to map your SKUs to the premium perks you are offering in your application to ensure users receive the correct perks when they purchase a SKU.

When mapping SKUs to premium perks, keep the following in mind:
- SKUs should be mapped to product based on `id` attribute, **not** other attributes (such as `name`)
- SKUs can never be deleted, so once purchased it cannot be revoked and should always be mapped to some perk or product in your application

### Formatting and Displaying Prices

The methods for listing SKUs automatically localize currency and prices. 

> This means `sku.price` has both a number `amount` attribute and a string `currency` attribute. Properly rendering the price expected units depending on currency can be challenging given the large number of currencies.  The Embedded App SDK provides a `PriceUtils` utility to make this easier.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This means `sku.price` has a number `amount` attribute and a string `currency` attribute. Properly rendering prices with proper currency can be challenging, given the large number of currencies.  The Embedded App SDK provides a `PriceUtils` utility to make this easier.
```
